Update static-list-of-posts README.md (#1060)
mate-academy/react_static-list-of-posts: README.md

# React Static List of Posts

This task is similar to [Static List of TODOs](https://github.com/mate-academy/react_static-list-of-todos#react-static-list-of-todos), but you should do everything yourself:

- don't change classes in the given markup (tests use them);
- create all required types in `./src/types/`;
- prepare `posts` by adding a `user` and `comments` to each `post` (each comment has a `postId`);
- split the `App` into components based on given CSS classes;

> - `List` components should take an array of something and render one `Info` component per item;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `List` components should take an array of corresponding objects and render one `Info` component per object;
```
